Technical requirements 

Functional basics
✅ 1. Functionally, the project should at minimum be the functionality of containing at least two    models with associations correctly implemented, plus several functional improvements since MVP presentation.Data for at least one model should include images, such as user photo, organization logo, movie poster, etc.and use ActiveStorage or another modern storage solution (e.g. AWS S3)
✅ 2. All unfinished functionality should be completed or removed without a trace.
✅ 3. Users and user’s application management (e.g. dashboard) should be implemented. 
✅ 4. Authorization and authentication are working correctly. Password-protected pages should not be accessible via a hyperlink. The app allows registration with username password and standard functionality (password reminder, changing password, deleting account). Third-party authentication is implemented. 
✅ 5. There are at least 3n (n = team size) real users. Fake user data (“User 1” or “ppp”) is deleted. The website should be prepared to work for a thousand users each producing a thousand entries (or a limit allowed by your app). Pagination should be implemented (with at least 24 entries/page).
✅ 6. JavaScript is used on the front end where appropriate (can be input validation, tooltips, hide/show, navigation elements, etc).  Best design principles are followed (Intuitive navigation, ease of reading, style uniformity, explanations of the rules, fast feedback for user actions, making decision-making simple, anticipating and forgiving mistakes). This includes, but is not limited to, simplifying users’ input with dropdown menus, radiobuttons, default values, and field hints, ability to sort table columns by many fields, pagination, flash notifications, use of standard icons.   Asynchronous background requests are implemented where needed (no unnecessary page reloads). 
✅ 7. Input is validated both on the client and on the server side. Incorrect user input doesn’t crash the database. This includes minimal security considerations, e.g. not letting user enter 5GB of data in name field or run SQL injection.
✅ 8. Each member of the team should implement one or two “neat” features using gems and external APIs such as downloading data as pdf or similar data import/export, data visualization on a map, email notifications, liking/ranking, keywords/tagging, using gravatars, attachments, payment processing, data encryption, search, scheduling tasks, building/displaying reports/graphs/charts, internal chat/messaging system, discussion board, word counting/statistics, RSS feed, or whatever makes sense for your application. (as required for Milestone 3)
✅ 9. At minimum ceiling(n/2) (n= team size), ideally more, trust and safety features are implemented. This could include flagging/reporting inappropriate content, checking for profanity, prohibiting inappropriate images or prompts, rate limiting new submissions including captchas, creating clear community guidelines page, requiring users to accept the terms on signup. Recommended gems obscenity (profanity filtering),  rack-attack (rate limiting), aws-sdk-rekognition (image moderation), akismet (spam detection). 
✅ 10. Each member of the team should implement at least one JavaScript improvement (client-side input validation, tooltip, hide/show, navigation elements, etc) 
✅ 11. Each member of the team should implement at least one HTML/CSS accessibility improvement, such as alt text, high contrast, tab navigation, ARIA labels,  etc
✅ 12. App runs as a PWA (progressive web app) on a mobile platform.

Process quality
✅ 13. AI-Assisted test-driven development
    At this phase AI should be fully integrated into development. The process should include formulating features, converting them to cucumber tests, writing RSpec tests for them, and assigning Issues to Copilot in Github to complete the code. Each team member should assign at least one issue to the AI assistant and verify its correct implementation through code review and testing. 

Project management
✅ 14. Consistent progress with the project. Commits at minimum every other day, ideally every day. Contributions of all team members are evident. Balanced team contributions. 
❌️ 15. The final version of the code on Heroku. All features except known issues (email notifications) should be testable on Heroku. 
❌️ 16. The final version of the code is on Github; only one active branch (main) exists on Github. All Github issues are addressed or closed with a comment.  Meaningful commit messages on Github, using convention. All work through PR workflow (no direct commits to main).  Final version tagged.    
❌️ 17. Project board (Github project) in sync with project:
        - All implemented features marked Done 
        - ToDo should contain at least 5 stories describing one or two immediate future improvements that you are not implementing in this class but would be a very logical next step. Leave everything else on the Icebox.
❌️ 18. Continuous Integration on Github is required. Main branch protection should be set up.

Code and data quality
✅ 19. Code is DRY, repeating functionality is in partials, filters, and private methods. Linters are applied to code. 
✅ 20. Code is self-documenting and well-commented. Non-functional code is removed without a trace. RDoc documentation is generated. 
✅ 21. Frontend is using a popular framework (Bootstrap or its analog). Website’s look is clean and professional throughout.
✅ 22. Data present in the public-facing website should be or appear meaningful and diverse (can be generated by tools like Faker but should not be ‘bbb’ or ‘123’).

Testing
❌️ 23. Cucumber tests present requirements (both happy and sad scenarios).
❌️ 24. Each member of the team should cover at least one feature with RSpec tests. 
✅ 25. UI should be evaluated on at least two different browsers (most recent version installable on your machine), both on desktop and mobile. 
